Manager, I don’t have one, so what? You know how to draft, right?
No, we are all colleagues, how could I harm you?
Did you do anything?
Just look at the surveillance and you will know.
Mom, what on earth is going on?
Mom is taking care of my mother, what about today?
I never went because she was not a good drinker,
You can get out anyway.
this, that,
It turns out that there is no need to jump to monitor.
Then I can trust his character.
Manager, but he obviously did it?
Why are you still talking about him?
Sit down for me
Look, look, look
I know you are angry
But there's nothing we can do about it
Where are you following Dar?
One is a small support for pulling
One is the precedent stock of the soon-to-be CEO’s wife
If it were you, what would you do?
Go ahead and pretend to be one of your own
I'll give you a salary
What do you think?
Not so good
It's just you
Do you want to be the CEO’s wife, my husband?
But not everyone likes it. Look, look.
Listen to your anger
It seems that you are the CEO’s wife, right?
I am the president's wife
You talk every day so much that you don’t even think about going back and forth.
That's my teacher